from zero turbo trader in 30 days. Over
the past 6 days, we defined the strategy
and its components. Today is a pivotal
day because until 2022, if you couldn't
code, you couldn't automate. And if you
couldn't automate, you couldn't trade
like an institutional trader. Today,
that barrier is gone because there are
companies that are investing billions of
dollars to make sure you can code
without being a developer. Yet, it is
not about asking Chpt to write you the
full strategy in one go. Spoiler, that
doesn't work. What matters is following
the right iterative process and knowing
how to verify that the code does what
it's supposed to do. If you follow the
right steps, you can fully code the
trading strategy with the support of
Chip or other LLMs. And that's exactly
what we are starting today and building
over the next few